OCF CERTIFIED PRODUCT LIST LICENSE TERMS

1	LICENSE.  Open Connectivity Foundation, Inc., a Delaware nonprofit corporation ("OCF") hereby grants you a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual license to use, access, and reproduce the OCF Certified Product List ("CPL") solely for the purpose of verifying whether a device has passed the OCF Certification Testing.  

2	REPRODUCTIONS.  You must keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices and provide a copy of this license in and with every copy of the CPL that you distribute, perform, or display in any medium or format.  If you distribute devices that access the CPL via automated means, the documentation included with such devices shall include (a) the warranty and liability disclaimers below, and (b) either a copy of this license or instructions on how a copy of this license can be obtained.

3	WARRANTY AND LIABILITY DISCLAIMERS.  THE CPL IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  IN NO EVENT WILL OCF OR ITS AFFILIATES, OR ANY OF ITS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AGENTS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, LICENSORS OR SERVICE PROVIDERS, BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR OTHER COMPENSATORY, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, TO YOU FOR ANY USE, INTERRUPTION, DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THE CPL TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU HEREBY RELEASE OCF, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS AND AGENTS FROM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO ALL CLAIMS CONCERNING THE CPL OR ITS USE.

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, OCF does not and cannot guarantee that the CPL will be available at all times or that your ability to access the CPL will be uninterrupted, and neither OCF nor any third party acting on OCF's behalf to provide such CPL, shall have any liability to you or any third party arising from (a) your inability to access the CPL for any reason, including without limitation due to scheduled or emergency maintenance, or (b) any delay, whether or not caused by OCF or its agents, in updating the CPL with current information, or (c) any errors or inaccuracies in the CPL for any reason, or for reasons related to the functioning of the OCF Compliance Management System, actions by unauthorized third parties, or otherwise.

4	INDEMNIFICATION.  You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold OCF and its affiliates, and any of its or their respective agents, directors, officers, licensors, and service providers from and against any and all claims, lawsuits, losses, damages, penalties, fines, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including without limitation attorneys' fees) incurred by any of them arising from or related to use of the CPL by you, by any recipient of software that you distribute that is programmed to access the CPL, or by any recipient of any device that you manufacture or distribute that comes preinstalled with firmware that is programmed to access the CPL.

5	TERM AND TERMINATION.  This license and the rights granted hereunder will terminate automatically upon any breach by you of the terms of this license.  

6	MISCELLANEOUS.  This license shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of law.
